My name is Ana Baez, I'm a data
scientist in the Data Intelligence team.
I work on basically bringing in all the
trial data sets that we use for our
research teams, going through them, analysing them and
then identifying which ones are
viable to be tested, and delivering them
to the relevant teams.
I heard about G-Research through word-of-mouth, other students
at UCL had mentioned it at some point. I
recognised the brand,
I saw an opportunity arise in their
engineering department,
and I applied, and the rest of history.
Yeah I definitely would describe the culture
of G-Research as one of meritocracy.
It's not about whoever screams the
loudest but rather, having good ideas that are
evidence-backed and being able to
engage in a healthy level of of debate
and discussion and then proceed with
what is perceived to be the best way
forward. It's very candid and it's very
transparent in a lot of ways.
There's a real emphasis on people
socialising and communicating with each
other,
so the last Thursday of every month there'll be beers and snacks and
wine available and everyone from
all over the company
come and meet and interact. You
also have
a lot of sports-related social clubs so
there's a basketball group I play every Monday
there's football, there's yoga, and
climbing, and more. Those are the ones
that I know best. So many great ideas came from something
that's very simple at the core and it's
about observing and then using that
observation to make models and to make
decisions.